readme.md, before:

# Heksher
Heksher is a service that makes shared context variables a breeze. It is designed with setting management in mind, but
can be used for any data that needs to be shared and updated throughout an entire architecture.

## How does it work?
Heksher stores a collection of settings, these are the context variables. For each setting, there is a set of rules,
each rule has a value and a set of conditions. These conditions are set by each context inside process individually.
So that whenever a context needs to know the value to use for each setting, it can just filter through the rules. 

### Example
Assume we have 3 context features: `account`, `user`, and `theme`. We also have a setting called `cache_size` of type
`int`. We might have a ruleset that looks like this (conceptually, the data is stored differently):

|account|user|theme|value
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
|john|*|*|100
|jim|*|*|50
|jim|admin|*|200
|*|guest|*|10
|*|guest|dark|20

Note that the rules are prioritized by last-feature first, and wildcards are prioritized last, so this rule set
evaluates to:
1. If the user is `guest`, using the `dark` theme, return 20.
1. Otherwise, if the user is `guest` (without the `dark` theme, since in that case we will have returned 20 already),
  return 10.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `jim`, with the `admin` user, return 200.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `jim`, return 50.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `john`, return 100.
1. Otherwise, return the client-specific default value (defined when a client declares the setting)

Now if one of our servers is handling a request from a specific user, using a specific account, with a specific theme,
we can find out the value of `cache_size` by simply querying the Heksher service with those context feature values.
(it is recommended to query and cache the results in advance, see below).

## How do I make it work?
Currently, Heksher supports the following environment variables:
* `HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: (required) An [SqlAlchemy-style connection string](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/14/core/engines.html#database-urls)
 that leads to a postgreSql database that has been initialized (Heksher supports alembic to initialize a database).
* `HEKSHER_STARTUP_CONTEXT_FEATURES`: (required) A semicolon-delimited list of context features. Heksher will adapt the
  database's existing context features to this list (or raise an error if it cannot).
* `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_HOST`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_PORT`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_LEVEL`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_TAGS`: Optional values
  to allow sending logs to a logstash server.

The service itself can be run from the docker image [found in dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/biocatchltd/heksher).

## How to I interface with it?
Heksher supports an HTTP interface. There are many methods that adhere to be REST-ful (and can be viewed in full by
accessing the `/redoc` route), but the two central routes that are not REST-ful are:

### PUT `/api/v1/settings/declare`
declare that a setting exists, and create it if it doesn't.

arguments:
* name: the name of the setting.
* configurable_features: the names of the context features that are allowed to configure this setting (list[str]).
* type: the type of the setting.
* default_value: optional. default value of the setting.
* metadata: optional. additional metadata.

output:
* created: bool, whether the setting was created or it already existed.
* rewritten: list of strings, containing whichever elements of any previous declaration was overwritten (if the setting 
  did not exist before the call, this list is empty)
* incomplete: a mapping of fields that were declared with incomplete data, with the complete data (which remains 
  unchanged)
  
### GET `/api/v1/rules/query`
Get a set of relevant rules.

arguments:
* setting_names: a list of setting names to retrieve (List[str])
* context_features_options: a mapping of context features to lists of values, storing whichever context feature values to return (dict[str,List[str]]).
* cache_time: optional. If provided, all settings that have been unedited since this time are ignored.
* include_metadata: optional boolean (default False). If true, all rules are also provided with their metadata.

output:
* rules: A dict, mapping each setting to a list of dicts, each dict representing a rule, having the keys:
    * value
    * context_features
    * metadata. only present if “include_metadata” is true.

Clients should use this route at regular intervals, updating the rules for each service, to be queried in real-time from
within the client's memory. Clients are encourage to store the rules in a nested mapping, the rules for `cache_size` in
the above example will be stored as:

```json
{
  "john": {
    "*": {
      "*":100
    }
  },
  "jim": {
    "admin": {
      "*": 200
    },
    "*": {
      "*": 50
    }
  },
  "*": {
    "guest": {
      "dark": 20,
      "*": 10
    }
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Update README.md (#13)
* Update README.md

Deployment note

* changelog update

readme.md, after:

# Heksher
Heksher is a service that makes shared context variables a breeze. It is designed with setting management in mind, but
can be used for any data that needs to be shared and updated throughout an entire architecture.

## How does it work?
Heksher stores a collection of settings, these are the context variables. For each setting, there is a set of rules,
each rule has a value and a set of conditions. These conditions are set by each context inside process individually.
So that whenever a context needs to know the value to use for each setting, it can just filter through the rules. 

### Example
Assume we have 3 context features: `account`, `user`, and `theme`. We also have a setting called `cache_size` of type
`int`. We might have a ruleset that looks like this (conceptually, the data is stored differently):

|account|user|theme|value
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:
|john|*|*|100
|jim|*|*|50
|jim|admin|*|200
|*|guest|*|10
|*|guest|dark|20

Note that the rules are prioritized by last-feature first, and wildcards are prioritized last, so this rule set
evaluates to:
1. If the user is `guest`, using the `dark` theme, return 20.
1. Otherwise, if the user is `guest` (without the `dark` theme, since in that case we will have returned 20 already),
  return 10.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `jim`, with the `admin` user, return 200.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `jim`, return 50.
1. Otherwise, if the account is `john`, return 100.
1. Otherwise, return the client-specific default value (defined when a client declares the setting)

Now if one of our servers is handling a request from a specific user, using a specific account, with a specific theme,
we can find out the value of `cache_size` by simply querying the Heksher service with those context feature values.
(it is recommended to query and cache the results in advance, see below).

## How do I make it work?
Currently, Heksher supports the following environment variables:
* `HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING`: (required) An [SqlAlchemy-style connection string](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/14/core/engines.html#database-urls)
 that leads to a postgreSql database that has been initialized (Heksher supports alembic to initialize a database).
* `HEKSHER_STARTUP_CONTEXT_FEATURES`: (required) A semicolon-delimited list of context features. Heksher will adapt the
  database's existing context features to this list (or raise an error if it cannot).
* `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_HOST`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_PORT`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_LEVEL`, `HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_TAGS`: Optional values
  to allow sending logs to a logstash server.

The service itself can be run from the docker image [found in dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/biocatchltd/heksher).

## Deployment
The service doesn't provide any authorization/authentication as a feature. This is handled on our end by a sidecar. We recommend to use the service only internally, and for external usage use authentication/authorization-supporting API Gateway.

## How do I interface with it?
Heksher supports an HTTP interface. There are many methods that adhere to be REST-ful (and can be viewed in full by
accessing the `/redoc` route), but the two central routes that are not REST-ful are:

### PUT `/api/v1/settings/declare`
declare that a setting exists, and create it if it doesn't.

arguments:
* name: the name of the setting.
* configurable_features: the names of the context features that are allowed to configure this setting (list[str]).
* type: the type of the setting.
* default_value: optional. default value of the setting.
* metadata: optional. additional metadata.

output:
* created: bool, whether the setting was created or it already existed.
* rewritten: list of strings, containing whichever elements of any previous declaration was overwritten (if the setting 
  did not exist before the call, this list is empty)
* incomplete: a mapping of fields that were declared with incomplete data, with the complete data (which remains 
  unchanged)
  
### GET `/api/v1/rules/query`
Get a set of relevant rules.

arguments:
* setting_names: a list of setting names to retrieve (List[str])
* context_features_options: a mapping of context features to lists of values, storing whichever context feature values to return (dict[str,List[str]]).
* cache_time: optional. If provided, all settings that have been unedited since this time are ignored.
* include_metadata: optional boolean (default False). If true, all rules are also provided with their metadata.

output:
* rules: A dict, mapping each setting to a list of dicts, each dict representing a rule, having the keys:
    * value
    * context_features
    * metadata. only present if “include_metadata” is true.

Clients should use this route at regular intervals, updating the rules for each service, to be queried in real-time from
within the client's memory. Clients are encourage to store the rules in a nested mapping, the rules for `cache_size` in
the above example will be stored as:

```json
{
  "john": {
    "*": {
      "*":100
    }
  },
  "jim": {
    "admin": {
      "*": 200
    },
    "*": {
      "*": 50
    }
  },
  "*": {
    "guest": {
      "dark": 20,
      "*": 10
    }
  }
}
```
