docs/running.rst, before:

Running Heksher
=================

Heksher is an HTTP service, running it is best done through the
`docker image <https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/biocatchltd/heksher>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name heksher biocatchltd/heksher -E ...

Dependencies
-----------------
Heksher requires a postgresql database to store its data. The database's connection string should be passed as an
environment variable ``HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING`` as a driverless sqlalchemy-style connection string.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name heksher biocatchltd/heksher -E HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING=postgresql://user:password@host:port/dbname -E ...

The database must be initialized to Heksher's schema. the database's schema is handled with
`alembic <https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/>`_. For convenience, the database can be initialized with
alembic using the Heksher image.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run biocatchltd/heksher alembic upgrade head -E HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING=postgresql://user:password@host:port/dbname

.. note::

    Heksher is stateless in respect to its database, meaning that it makes no assumptions during runtime about the
    contents of the database. The database can be swapped out and in at any time between API calls.

Additional Environment Variables
-------------------------------------------

* **HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING**: The database connection string (see `above <Dependencies>`_).
* **HEKSHER_STARTUP_CONTEXT_FEATURES** (optional): A semicolon-delimited list of :ref:`concepts:context features`, in
  order. If present, Heksher will adapt the database's existing context features to this list (or raise an error if it
  cannot). For example: ``user;trust;theme``

The following environment variables are optional for logging:

* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_HOST**: the logstash host to send logs to.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_PORT**: the logstash port to send logs to.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_LEVEL**: the log level to send logs on.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_TAGS**: additional tags to send with logs.

Commit message:

added doc mode + added image tests + added docs about doc mode

docs/running.rst, after:

Running Heksher
=================

Heksher is an HTTP service, running it is best done through the
`docker image <https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/biocatchltd/heksher>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name heksher -e ... biocatchltd/heksher

Dependencies
-----------------
Heksher requires a postgresql database to store its data. The database's connection string should be passed as an
environment variable ``HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING`` as a driverless sqlalchemy-style connection string.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -d -p 80:80 --name heksher -e HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING=postgresql://user:password@host:port/dbname -e ... biocatchltd/heksher

The database must be initialized to Heksher's schema. the database's schema is handled with
`alembic <https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/>`_. For convenience, the database can be initialized with
alembic using the Heksher image.

.. code-block:: console

    docker run -e HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING=postgresql://user:password@host:port/dbname biocatchltd/heksher alembic upgrade head

.. note::

    Heksher is stateless in respect to its database, meaning that it makes no assumptions during runtime about the
    contents of the database. The database can be swapped out and in at any time between API calls.

Additional Environment Variables
-------------------------------------------

* **HEKSHER_DB_CONNECTION_STRING**: The database connection string (see `above <Dependencies>`_).
* **HEKSHER_STARTUP_CONTEXT_FEATURES** (optional): A semicolon-delimited list of :ref:`concepts:context features`, in
  order. If present, Heksher will adapt the database's existing context features to this list (or raise an error if it
  cannot). For example: ``user;trust;theme``

The following environment variables are optional for logging:

* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_HOST**: the logstash host to send logs to.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_PORT**: the logstash port to send logs to.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_LEVEL**: the log level to send logs on.
* **HEKSHER_LOGSTASH_TAGS**: additional tags to send with logs.

Doc Only Mode
------------------------

Heksher also has a doc-only mode, where all routes and endpoints are disabled, except fastapi's standard doc pages:
``/redoc`` and ``/docs``. This mode can enabled by passing the environment variable ``DOC_ONLY=true``. If doc-mode is
enabled, no connection to any underlying dependency is made, and the service will start up even if all other environment
variables are missing.

When in doc-only mode, attempting to access any api in heksher other than those above (and ``/api/health``) will result
in a 500 error code.
